Fiona Au

Email fau@u.rochester.edu
NetID fau
CSC 172 Lab T/R 2:00-3:15
Project #2

Files: Main, Node, Point, Line, Tree, Canvas(doesn't do anything, is sad that it is useless)

My code starts by scanning in the file. It knows that the first line
it looks for is the number of lines that will be drawn so that it can
create a for loop to know how many lines of lines to scan in. After scanning
in a line, it will store it in a node. The first line just gets stored as
the root of the tree, but every node after that will have to be compared to
all existing nodes in the tree. Depending on whether it is clockwise or 
counterclockwise to each of the nodes in the tree, it will be put into the left 
or right subtree until finally it has reached a null leaf, during which it be
stored in that leaf. After the tree is completed, the program knows that the rest
of the lines being scanned in are points to be tested. It creates Points out of
those string inputs and those points are then tested to see if they are in the same
region. To test this, I keep track of when it advances left or right down into the 
tree. If both nodes have taken the same path, then they ended up in the same region,
and are therefore not separated by any lines. If they are not in the same region, then
I compare the points to each node/line in the tree. As soon as there is a line that
is between both points, I know that it separates the, so I can return and print the
coordinates of that line. Lastly, I simply traverse through the tree to count the
total number of external nodes.

I also attempted to do the extra credit, but I failed miserably. For some reason
I couldn't transfer the values to the Canvas class successfully...something about
statics and whatnot. I don't know. Whenever I tried drawing a line, it ended up as
having the endpoints (0,0) and (0,0). Overall, very sad attempt.

An obstacle I overcame was realizing I had to return node in my firstTest class.
Unfortunately, I realized this very late, and if only I had realized it earlier, I could have
saved myself many tears. If only.